you gotta be kidding me
I don't know what's going on but
but I know that it has nothing to do with
me wow wow
God is God is amazing I want to I do want
to thank
I gotta thank all these incredible people
who have been working with me over the
last few years giving God the glory and
and I'm so grateful
for them
I'm grateful to my incredible husband of
40 years
even though I'm I'm stuck with the name
Winans my last name has been love for
over 40 years and he has lived up to his
name thank you so much babe to my
wonderful children to my grandchildren I
have three with another one on the way
amazing um to all of you who have played
my songs and we've come to our concerts
um to my family the Winans all of my
brothers and sisters my mom and dad where
it all started um you know I I was
speaking the other day and it came to me
that all of us you know I was thinking of
myself at the time that I'm known for my music
all of the world all over the world
people know me for my music right
but but God only knows me for my
relationship with him he only knows us
according to the way we know him and so
all of us here tonight as all of the
artists the artists that I was in the
categories with I mean I just came to
cheer them on tonight
I didn't think this was going to happen um
but but God is faithful all my life he's
been faithful all my life he's been good
with every breath that I'm able I will
sing of the goodness of God thank you so
much I love you